ENG-19798-update-readme-and-build-v-add-sample (#61)
spokencloud/avaya-cloud-api: NodeJS/README.md

    // get subaccount effective aux code via sub account app id
    let appIdAuxCodes = await auxCodeClient.getAUXCodesForEffectiveAppId();

## AddressBookClient

The AddressBookClient could be used to get sub-account Address Book with all active contacts.
With search endpoint contacts could be fetched by multiple optional params: type (one or many of Agent/Supervisor/Outbound/ACO/VDN separated by comma); partial name/destination; full virtualExtension.
The search request could contain pagination (pageSize; page number) and sorting (by name/type/virtualExtension/destination; direction ASC/DESC) params.

    // create an instance of AddressBookClient

>     let addressBookClient = createAddressBookClient(endpoint, apiKey)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const addressBookClient = createAddressBookClient(endpoint, apiKey)
```

And you need to put code [in code blocks](https://commonmark.org/help/tutorial/09-code.html)

Reviewer: also, no need to indent

`node lib/sample/SampleAUXCodeClient.js --endpoint='http://localhost:8081' --api_key=YOUR-API-KEY`

## Run SampleAddressBookClient

> Address Book contains contacts of different types Agent/Supervisor/Outbound/ACO/VDN. This sample client fetches full AddressBook and sends search request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Address Book contains contacts of the following types:
Agent | Supervisor | Outbound | ACO | VDN

This sample client can fetch a full Address Book or execute queries on an AddressBook.
```
